docs/pages/examples.mdx, before:

---
title: "Examples"
---

# Examples

Practical examples and use cases for SubdomainX.

## Basic Examples

### Single Domain Scan

Run a basic scan with all available tools on a single domain:

```bash
subdomainx example.com
```

> **Note**: Uses all available enumeration tools by default and generates JSON output

### Multiple Domains Scan

Run a scan on multiple domains from a file:

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt
```

> **Note**: Uses all available enumeration tools by default and generates JSON output

### Specific Tools

Use only specific enumeration tools for targeted scanning:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --amass --findomain example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --subfinder --amass --findomain
```

> **Note**: Limits the scan to only the specified tools for faster execution

### API Tools

Use API-based enumeration tools for enhanced discovery:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --securitytrails --virustotal --censys example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --securitytrails --virustotal --censys
```

> **Note**: Requires API keys to be set as environment variables

### Mixed Approach

Combine command-line tools with API tools for maximum coverage:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --securitytrails --waybackurls --linkheader example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --amass --virustotal --censys --waybackurls --linkheader
```

> **Note**: Combines the speed of local tools with the breadth of API databases, historical data, and HTTP Link header discovery

### Custom Wordlist Discovery

Use custom wordlists for targeted brute-forcing:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --wordlist /path/to/wordlist.txt example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --wordlist /path/to/wordlist.txt
```

**Combined with specific tools:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --amass --wordlist /path/to/wordlist.txt example.com
```

> **Note**: Uses custom wordlist for brute-forcing with tools that support it (subfinder, amass, massdns, altdns)

### With HTTP Scanning

Include HTTP scanning to discover web services:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --httpx
```

> **Note**: Discovers web services, extracts titles, status codes, and technologies

### Complete Scan

Full enumeration with both HTTP and port scanning:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx --smap example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --httpx --smap
```

> **Note**: Comprehensive scan including port discovery and service identification

### Filtered Results

Filter results by specific status codes and ports:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx --smap --status-codes 200,301,302 --ports 80,443,8080 example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --httpx --smap --status-codes 200,301,302 --ports 80,443,8080
```

> **Note**: Only shows results with specified HTTP status codes and open ports

## Advanced Examples

### Custom Output Format

Generate a beautiful HTML report with custom naming:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --format html --name my_scan --output reports/ example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --format html --name my_scan --output reports/
```

> **Note**: Creates an HTML report in the reports/ directory with custom filename

### High Performance

Optimize for speed with increased threads and timeout:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --threads 20 --timeout 60 --rate-limit 200 example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --threads 20 --timeout 60 --rate-limit 200
```

> **Note**: Uses more threads and higher rate limits for faster scanning

### Verbose Output

Get detailed information about the scanning process with resource monitoring:

```bash
# Enable verbose mode for progress and resource monitoring
subdomainx --verbose --subfinder --amass example.com

# Monitor with custom wordlist
subdomainx --verbose --wordlist /path/to/wordlist.txt example.com

# Monitor with multiple domains
subdomainx --verbose --wildcard domains.txt --subfinder --amass
```

> **Note**: Shows real-time progress bars, ETA, memory usage, CPU cores, and goroutine count

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --verbose example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --verbose
```

> **Note**: Shows detailed progress and debugging information

### Custom Configuration

Use a custom configuration file:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --config my-config.yaml example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --config my-config.yaml
```

> **Note**: Loads settings from a custom YAML configuration file

### Advanced Filtering

Combine multiple filters for precise results:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx --smap --status-codes 200,403 --ports 80,443,8080,8443 --verbose example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --httpx --smap --status-codes 200,403 --ports 80,443,8080,8443 --verbose
```

> **Note**: Filters for specific status codes and ports while showing detailed output

## Sample Files

### domains.txt

A simple text file containing target domains:

```txt
example.com
test.com
demo.org
sample.net
```

### config.yaml

Custom configuration file:

```yaml
threads: 15
timeout: 45
retries: 5
rate_limit: 150
output_format: html
output_dir: scans/
```

## Best Practices

- **Start Small**: Begin with a few domains and specific tools to test your setup
- **Use Appropriate Rate Limits**: Set reasonable rate limits to avoid being blocked by services
- **Monitor Resources**: Keep an eye on system resources when using high thread counts
- **Organize Output**: Use meaningful names and organize output directories
- **Verify Results**: Always verify discovered subdomains and validate findings
- **Use Filters**: Leverage status code and port filters to focus on relevant results
- **Combine Tools**: Use both enumeration and scanning tools for comprehensive results

## Common Use Cases

### Bug Bounty

Comprehensive subdomain discovery for bug bounty programs:

**Single target:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx --smap --format html --name bugbounty_scan target.com
```

**Multiple targets:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard targets.txt --httpx --smap --format html --name bugbounty_scan
```

### Security Assessment

Quick reconnaissance for security assessments:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --amass --httpx --threads 10 example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --subfinder --amass --httpx --threads 10
```

### API-Enhanced Discovery

Leverage external APIs for comprehensive subdomain discovery:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --securitytrails --virustotal --censys --linkheader example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --securitytrails --virustotal --censys --linkheader
```

### Maximum Coverage

Combine all available tools for maximum subdomain discovery:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --amass --securitytrails --virustotal --censys --waybackurls --linkheader --httpx --smap example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --subfinder --amass --securitytrails --virustotal --censys --waybackurls --linkheader --httpx --smap
```

### Asset Discovery

Discover all assets belonging to an organization:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --format json --output assets/ example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard org_domains.txt --format json --output assets/
```

### Web Application Testing

Focus on web applications with specific status codes:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx --status-codes 200,301,302,403 --format html --name webapp_scan example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard webapps.txt --httpx --status-codes 200,301,302,403 --format html --name webapp_scan
```

### Port Scanning

Comprehensive port discovery for network assessment:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --smap --ports 21,22,23,25,53,80,443,8080 --verbose example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard network.txt --smap --ports 21,22,23,25,53,80,443,8080 --verbose
```

Commit message:

feat: Add Resume Capability with comprehensive testing
- Add checkpoint system for saving/loading scan state
- Implement graceful signal handling (Ctrl+C) with checkpoint saving
- Add --resume and --list-checkpoints CLI flags
- Create development test script for automated testing
- Update all documentation with resume functionality examples
- Add comprehensive error handling and validation
- Ensure backward compatibility with existing functionality

Features:
- Resume Capability: Save and resume interrupted scans from checkpoints
- Signal Handling: Graceful interruption with automatic checkpoint saving
- Development Tests: Automated test script for development workflow
- Smart Resuming: Skip completed steps and continue from where left off
- Progress Tracking: Resume shows previous progress and results summary

Documentation:
- Updated README.md with resume examples
- Added CLI reference documentation
- Updated examples with resume use cases
- Added development test script (excluded from git)

Testing:
- Verified resume functionality with real checkpoints
- Tested graceful interruption and checkpoint saving
- Confirmed backward compatibility
- Added development test script for future testing

docs/pages/examples.mdx, after:

---
title: "Examples"
---

# Examples

Practical examples and use cases for SubdomainX.

## Basic Examples

### Single Domain Scan

Run a basic scan with all available tools on a single domain:

```bash
subdomainx example.com
```

> **Note**: Uses all available enumeration tools by default and generates JSON output

### Multiple Domains Scan

Run a scan on multiple domains from a file:

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt
```

> **Note**: Uses all available enumeration tools by default and generates JSON output

### Specific Tools

Use only specific enumeration tools for targeted scanning:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --amass --findomain example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --subfinder --amass --findomain
```

> **Note**: Limits the scan to only the specified tools for faster execution

### API Tools

Use API-based enumeration tools for enhanced discovery:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --securitytrails --virustotal --censys example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --securitytrails --virustotal --censys
```

> **Note**: Requires API keys to be set as environment variables

### Mixed Approach

Combine command-line tools with API tools for maximum coverage:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --securitytrails --waybackurls --linkheader example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --amass --virustotal --censys --waybackurls --linkheader
```

> **Note**: Combines the speed of local tools with the breadth of API databases, historical data, and HTTP Link header discovery

### Custom Wordlist Discovery

Use custom wordlists for targeted brute-forcing:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --wordlist /path/to/wordlist.txt example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --wordlist /path/to/wordlist.txt
```

**Combined with specific tools:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --amass --wordlist /path/to/wordlist.txt example.com
```

> **Note**: Uses custom wordlist for brute-forcing with tools that support it (subfinder, amass, massdns, altdns)

### With HTTP Scanning

Include HTTP scanning to discover web services:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --httpx
```

> **Note**: Discovers web services, extracts titles, status codes, and technologies

### Complete Scan

Full enumeration with both HTTP and port scanning:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx --smap example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --httpx --smap
```

> **Note**: Comprehensive scan including port discovery and service identification

### Filtered Results

Filter results by specific status codes and ports:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx --smap --status-codes 200,301,302 --ports 80,443,8080 example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --httpx --smap --status-codes 200,301,302 --ports 80,443,8080
```

> **Note**: Only shows results with specified HTTP status codes and open ports

## Advanced Examples

### Custom Output Format

Generate a beautiful HTML report with custom naming:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --format html --name my_scan --output reports/ example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --format html --name my_scan --output reports/
```

> **Note**: Creates an HTML report in the reports/ directory with custom filename

### High Performance

Optimize for speed with increased threads and timeout:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --threads 20 --timeout 60 --rate-limit 200 example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --threads 20 --timeout 60 --rate-limit 200
```

> **Note**: Uses more threads and higher rate limits for faster scanning

### Verbose Output

Get detailed information about the scanning process with resource monitoring:

```bash
# Enable verbose mode for progress and resource monitoring
subdomainx --verbose --subfinder --amass example.com

# Monitor with custom wordlist
subdomainx --verbose --wordlist /path/to/wordlist.txt example.com

# Monitor with multiple domains
subdomainx --verbose --wildcard domains.txt --subfinder --amass
```

> **Note**: Shows real-time progress bars, ETA, memory usage, CPU cores, and goroutine count

### Resume Interrupted Scans

Resume scans that were interrupted or failed:

**List available checkpoints:**

```bash
subdomainx --list-checkpoints
```

**Resume from checkpoint:**

```bash
subdomainx --resume my_scan
```

**Resume with additional tools:**

```bash
subdomainx --resume my_scan --httpx --smap
```

> **Note**: Checkpoints are automatically saved during scans and when interrupted with Ctrl+C. Resume functionality skips completed steps and continues from where it left off.

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --verbose example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --verbose
```

> **Note**: Shows detailed progress and debugging information

### Custom Configuration

Use a custom configuration file:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --config my-config.yaml example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --config my-config.yaml
```

> **Note**: Loads settings from a custom YAML configuration file

### Advanced Filtering

Combine multiple filters for precise results:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx --smap --status-codes 200,403 --ports 80,443,8080,8443 --verbose example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --httpx --smap --status-codes 200,403 --ports 80,443,8080,8443 --verbose
```

> **Note**: Filters for specific status codes and ports while showing detailed output

## Sample Files

### domains.txt

A simple text file containing target domains:

```txt
example.com
test.com
demo.org
sample.net
```

### config.yaml

Custom configuration file:

```yaml
threads: 15
timeout: 45
retries: 5
rate_limit: 150
output_format: html
output_dir: scans/
```

## Best Practices

- **Start Small**: Begin with a few domains and specific tools to test your setup
- **Use Appropriate Rate Limits**: Set reasonable rate limits to avoid being blocked by services
- **Monitor Resources**: Keep an eye on system resources when using high thread counts
- **Organize Output**: Use meaningful names and organize output directories
- **Verify Results**: Always verify discovered subdomains and validate findings
- **Use Filters**: Leverage status code and port filters to focus on relevant results
- **Combine Tools**: Use both enumeration and scanning tools for comprehensive results

## Common Use Cases

### Bug Bounty

Comprehensive subdomain discovery for bug bounty programs:

**Single target:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx --smap --format html --name bugbounty_scan target.com
```

**Multiple targets:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard targets.txt --httpx --smap --format html --name bugbounty_scan
```

### Security Assessment

Quick reconnaissance for security assessments:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --amass --httpx --threads 10 example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --subfinder --amass --httpx --threads 10
```

### API-Enhanced Discovery

Leverage external APIs for comprehensive subdomain discovery:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --securitytrails --virustotal --censys --linkheader example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --securitytrails --virustotal --censys --linkheader
```

### Maximum Coverage

Combine all available tools for maximum subdomain discovery:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --amass --securitytrails --virustotal --censys --waybackurls --linkheader --httpx --smap example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --subfinder --amass --securitytrails --virustotal --censys --waybackurls --linkheader --httpx --smap
```

### Asset Discovery

Discover all assets belonging to an organization:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --format json --output assets/ example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard org_domains.txt --format json --output assets/
```

### Web Application Testing

Focus on web applications with specific status codes:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --httpx --status-codes 200,301,302,403 --format html --name webapp_scan example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard webapps.txt --httpx --status-codes 200,301,302,403 --format html --name webapp_scan
```

### Port Scanning

Comprehensive port discovery for network assessment:

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --smap --ports 21,22,23,25,53,80,443,8080 --verbose example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
subdomainx --wildcard network.txt --smap --ports 21,22,23,25,53,80,443,8080 --verbose
```
