docs/pages/index.mdx, before:

---
title: "Overview"
---

# Overview

All-in-one subdomain enumeration tool that combines the power of multiple tools into a single, efficient command-line interface.

## Features

- **Multiple Tools**: Integrates subfinder, amass, findomain, and more for comprehensive enumeration
- **API Integration**: SecurityTrails, VirusTotal, and Censys APIs for enhanced discovery
- **High Performance**: Concurrent execution with configurable threads and rate limiting
- **HTTP Scanning**: Built-in httpx integration for web service discovery and analysis
- **Flexible Output**: Generate reports in JSON, TXT, or beautiful HTML formats
- **Easy to Use**: Simple CLI interface with sensible defaults and optional configuration
- **Tool Management**: Automatic tool detection and installation guidance for missing dependencies

## Quick Start

### 1. Install

```bash
go install github.com/itszeeshan/subdomainx@latest
```

### 2. Run scan

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --httpx example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
echo "example.com" > domains.txt
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --format html
```

**With API integration:**

```bash
# Set API keys
export SECURITYTRAILS_API_KEY="your_key"
export VIRUSTOTAL_API_KEY="your_key"
export CENSYS_API_ID="your_id"
export CENSYS_SECRET="your_secret"

# Use APIs
subdomainx --securitytrails --virustotal --censys example.com
```

## What's Included

### Enumeration Tools <a href="/supported-tools#enumeration-tools" className="details-link">details</a>

- **subfinder** - Fast subdomain discovery tool with passive online sources
- **amass** - Comprehensive network reconnaissance and attack surface mapping
- **findomain** - Cross-platform subdomain enumeration tool
- **assetfinder** - Find domains and subdomains potentially related to a given domain
- **sublist3r** - Fast subdomain enumeration tool for penetration testers
- **knockpy** - Python3 tool designed to enumerate subdomains on a target domain
- **dnsrecon** - DNS enumeration and reconnaissance tool
- **fierce** - DNS reconnaissance tool for locating non-contiguous IP space
- **massdns** - High-performance DNS stub resolver
- **altdns** - Generates permutations, alterations and mutations of subdomains

### API Tools <a href="/supported-tools#api-tools" className="details-link">details</a>

- **SecurityTrails** - Comprehensive subdomain database and historical data
- **VirusTotal** - Security-focused subdomain discovery and threat intelligence
- **Censys** - Internet-wide scanning data for subdomain enumeration

### Scanning Tools <a href="/supported-tools#scanning-tools" className="details-link">details</a>

- **httpx** - Fast and multi-purpose HTTP probe for web services
- **smap** - Port scanner and service discovery tool

## Next Steps

- [Installation Guide](/installation) - Get SubdomainX up and running
- [CLI Reference](/cli-reference) - Complete command-line interface reference
- [Examples](/examples) - Practical usage examples and use cases
- [Configuration](/configuration) - Learn about YAML configuration and CLI options

Commit message:

feat: add waybackurls integration
- Added waybackurls enumerator for historical subdomain discovery
- Implemented URL parsing to extract subdomains from Wayback Machine data
- Added waybackurls to CLI flags and configuration
- Updated tool availability checking and auto-installation support
- Added waybackurls to all documentation pages
- Updated examples to include waybackurls in mixed tool scenarios
- Integrated waybackurls results into unified output system

waybackurls fetches historical URLs from the Internet Archive's Wayback Machine
to discover subdomains that may not be currently active but were previously
accessible. This provides valuable historical data for comprehensive subdomain
enumeration.

Installation: go install github.com/tomnomnom/waybackurls@latest
Usage: --waybackurls flag or included in default enumeration tools

docs/pages/index.mdx, after:

---
title: "Overview"
---

# Overview

All-in-one subdomain enumeration tool that combines the power of multiple tools into a single, efficient command-line interface.

## Features

- **Multiple Tools**: Integrates subfinder, amass, findomain, and more for comprehensive enumeration
- **API Integration**: SecurityTrails, VirusTotal, and Censys APIs for enhanced discovery
- **High Performance**: Concurrent execution with configurable threads and rate limiting
- **HTTP Scanning**: Built-in httpx integration for web service discovery and analysis
- **Flexible Output**: Generate reports in JSON, TXT, or beautiful HTML formats
- **Easy to Use**: Simple CLI interface with sensible defaults and optional configuration
- **Tool Management**: Automatic tool detection and installation guidance for missing dependencies

## Quick Start

### 1. Install

```bash
go install github.com/itszeeshan/subdomainx@latest
```

### 2. Run scan

**Single domain:**

```bash
subdomainx --subfinder --httpx example.com
```

**Multiple domains:**

```bash
echo "example.com" > domains.txt
subdomainx --wildcard domains.txt --format html
```

**With API integration:**

```bash
# Set API keys
export SECURITYTRAILS_API_KEY="your_key"
export VIRUSTOTAL_API_KEY="your_key"
export CENSYS_API_ID="your_id"
export CENSYS_SECRET="your_secret"

# Use APIs
subdomainx --securitytrails --virustotal --censys example.com
```

## What's Included

### Enumeration Tools <a href="/supported-tools#enumeration-tools" className="details-link">details</a>

- **subfinder** - Fast subdomain discovery tool with passive online sources
- **amass** - Comprehensive network reconnaissance and attack surface mapping
- **findomain** - Cross-platform subdomain enumeration tool
- **assetfinder** - Find domains and subdomains potentially related to a given domain
- **sublist3r** - Fast subdomain enumeration tool for penetration testers
- **knockpy** - Python3 tool designed to enumerate subdomains on a target domain
- **dnsrecon** - DNS enumeration and reconnaissance tool
- **fierce** - DNS reconnaissance tool for locating non-contiguous IP space
- **massdns** - High-performance DNS stub resolver
- **altdns** - Generates permutations, alterations and mutations of subdomains
- **waybackurls** - Fetch URLs from Wayback Machine for subdomain discovery

### API Tools <a href="/supported-tools#api-tools" className="details-link">details</a>

- **SecurityTrails** - Comprehensive subdomain database and historical data
- **VirusTotal** - Security-focused subdomain discovery and threat intelligence
- **Censys** - Internet-wide scanning data for subdomain enumeration

### Scanning Tools <a href="/supported-tools#scanning-tools" className="details-link">details</a>

- **httpx** - Fast and multi-purpose HTTP probe for web services
- **smap** - Port scanner and service discovery tool

## Next Steps

- [Installation Guide](/installation) - Get SubdomainX up and running
- [CLI Reference](/cli-reference) - Complete command-line interface reference
- [Examples](/examples) - Practical usage examples and use cases
- [Configuration](/configuration) - Learn about YAML configuration and CLI options
